hey what's going on everybody this is
dom and this is the playstation 4 so
let's go ahead and check it out here on
the back of the console as you can see
here we have our AC power input we also
do have our optical audio out next to
that we have an hdmi port followed by an
Ethernet port and then we have an
auxiliary port here for the PlayStation
camera there's not a lot happening on
the front side of the console we just
have our disc slot our power in eject
button in two USB ports now when I did
boot this up for the first time I had to
install an update so keep that in mind
but after that I was off to playing some
beautiful games this is Killzone shadow
fall and I have to say this game looks
ridiculous it looks very very amazing I
was very impressed by the graphics here
this is actual gameplay this isn't some
kind of cut scene or anything like that
it just looks fantastic one thing I want
to point out here is the fact that you
can use any headphones for this
controller i was literally able to hook
up a pair of apple earpods and use it
for in-game audio and voice chat in a
party like seriously it'll use the mic
on the earpods it works perfect that is
amazing in my opinion but overall I
really enjoy the PlayStation 4 it's
smooth it's snappy I like the new user
interface here and the visuals are just
stunning in my opinion so let me know if
you guys want to see any other different
videos related to the PlayStation 4 down
in the comment section below and I will
be sure to try to get to those as soon
as possible but please leave this video
a thumbs up if you did enjoy it I
enjoyed making it for you and subscribe
to the channel for more coverage on the
ps4 and Xbox one thank you very much for
watching everybody this is dom and have
a great day